How long did it take you to find the thing that, um, you have fun with?
Oh, I, I don't know.
I've been a fun person since I was pretty little so everything's,
I've gone through a couple periods of depression in my life or.
Good reason or for, uh, the reason doesn't make any sense. Yeah.
Like some, some things are hard.
You go through mental transitions in high school.
I was really depressed for a year. And I,
I think I had my first midlife crisis at 26. I kind of thought,
is this all there is like, I was working at a job that I loved and,
but I was going to work and all my time is consumed.
What's what's the escape out of that depression. What's the answer to is,
is this all there is, well.
A friend of mine, I asked him cuz he was working his off. I said,
what's your work life balance? Like, like there's, you know, work, friends,
family, personal time, are you balancing the internet? And he said,
work 80% family, 20%. And I try to, I try to find some time to sleep.
Like there's no personal time. There's no passionate time. Like,
you know, young people are often passionate about work. So,
and I was certainly like that, but you need to,
you need to have some space in your life for different things.
And that's that creates, uh, that makes you resistant to the whole,
the, the, the dip, the, the deep dips into depression kind of thing.
Yeah. Well you have to get to know yourself too. Meditation helps some physical,
something physically intense helps like the.
Weird places your mind.
Goes kind of thing. Yeah. Like, and why does it happen?
Why do you do what you do?
Like triggers, like the things that cause your mind to,
of different places kind of thing, or, uh, events like you're.
Upbringing for better or worse, whether your parents are great people or not,
you, you, you come into, you know,
adulthood with all kinds of emotional burdens. Yeah.
And you can see some people are so bloody stiff and restrained and they think,
you know, the world's fundamentally negative. Like you, maybe you,
you have unexplored territory. Yeah. Or you're afraid of something.
Uh, definitely afraid of quite a few things.
Then you gotta go face them. <laugh> like, like,
what's the worst thing that can happen. You're gonna die. Right? Yeah.
Like that's inevitable.
You might as well get over that like a hundred percent death rate mean people
were worried about the virus, but you know, the human condition is,
is pretty deadly.